allow use regex in locator for searching element (#33)
thefrontside/interactors: .changeset/regex-locator.md

---
@interactors/html: patch
---

> Allow use a regular expression for searching element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow use a regular expression (in addition to locator string and filter) as a primary method for looking up an interactor. E.g. `Button(/submit/i)`
```

Reviewer 2: I'll create an issue for it and update the docs this week
